---
title: Authenticated JSON RPC Service Access
description:
    Custom Payload Signature Scheme for Authenticated JSON RPC Service Access
---

## Custom Payload Signature Scheme for Authenticated JSON RPC Service Access

This document specifies a method for authenticating requests to a JSON RPC
service endpoint using a custom payload signature scheme. The scheme involves
signing the request payload with an Ethereum key and including this signature in
the request headers.

???+ note

    This method is based off of Flashbot's `X-Flashbots-Signature` schema, and is compatible with it.

### Introduction

This specification defines a method for authenticating requests made to a JSON
RPC service endpoint. The authentication is achieved by signing the request
payload using an Ethereum key and including this signature in the request's HTTP
headers. This method ensures that the requests are authenticated and can be
tracked over time for user statistics.

### Terminology:

-   JSON RPC: A remote procedure call protocol encoded in JSON.
-   Ethereum Key: A cryptographic key used for signing transactions in the
    Ethereum blockchain.
-   Payload Signature: A digital signature generated by signing the request
    payload.
-   X-Ethereum-Signature: HTTP header used to include the payload signature for
    auction requests.

### Specification:

## Signature Generation:

-   The client MUST generate a digital signature by signing the hash of the JSON
    body of the request. The JSON body MUST be encoded as UTF-8 bytes before
    hashing.
-   Any valid Ethereum key CAN be used for signing the payload.
-   The Ethereum address associated with the key used for signing WILL be
    utilized by the service to track requests and provide user statistics.

## Request Headers:

-   The client MUST include the generated signature in the request headers.
-   For auction requests, the signature MUST be included in the
    `X-Ethereum-Signature` header.
-   The headers `X-Ethereum-Signature` are CASE-INSENSITIVE.

### Example Usage with cURL:

-   For auction requests:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -H "X-Ethereum-Signature: 0x1234:0xabcd" --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_sendBundle","params":[...],"id":1}' <https://api.securerpc.com/v1/auction>
```

### Example Data

```jsonc
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "eth_sendBundle",
    "params": [...],
    "id": 1
}
```
