---
title: Disclosue Statement
---

## NFA Disclosure Statement

Although the material contained in this website was prepared based on
information from public and private sources that and/or Manifold Finance, Inc
believes to be reliable, no representation, warranty or undertaking, stated or
implied, is given as to the accuracy of the information contained herein,
CommodityStream LLC and/or Manifold Finance, Inc expressly disclaims any
liability for the accuracy and completeness of information contained in this
website and/or social media posting.

This website is distributed for general informational and educational purposes
only and is not intended to constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment
advice. The information, opinions and views contained herein have not been
tailored to the investment objectives of any one individual, are current only as
of the date hereof and may be subject to change at any time without prior
notice. CommodityStream LLC and/or Manifold Finance, Inc and/or Manifold
Finance, Inc does not have any obligation to provide revised opinions in the
event of changed circumstances. All investment strategies and investments
involve risk of loss.  
Nothing contained in this website should be construed as investment advice. Any
reference to an investmentâ€™s past or potential performance is not, and should
not be construed as, a recommendation or as a guarantee of any specific outcome
or profit.

Any ideas or strategies discussed herein should not be undertaken by any
individual without prior consultation with a financial professional for the
purpose of assessing whether the ideas or strategies that are discussed are
suitable to you based on your own personal financial objectives, needs and risk
tolerance. CommodityStream LLC and/or Manifold Finance, Inc expressly disclaims
any liability or loss incurred by any person who acts on the information, ideas
or strategies discussed herein.

The information contained herein is not, and shall not constitute an offer to
sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to purchase any securities,
nor should it be deemed to be an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to
purchase or sell any investment product or service.
