---
title: Legal
---

### Imprint

Manifold Finance Corporation
2810 N Church St
PMB 138571
Wilmington, Delaware 19802

tel:+1 302 299 8995
mailto:ops@manifoldfinance.com

## General Notice

Copyright © 2021-2024 Manifold Finance, Inc. All Rights Reserved

This software or document includes material from Manifold Finance.

THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE DOCUMENT ARE SUITABLE FOR
ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE
ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE DOCUMENT OR THE
PERFORMANCE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONTENTS THEREOF.

#### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the data on Google's behalf. Google will never associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Haftung und Disclaimer

> This Disclaimer is governed by German Law.

By downloading content from the Manifold Finance GitHub repository, 
you declare to Manifold Finance, a Delaware C Corporation, that you, 
and if you are acting for an organization you and such organization, understand and agree to the following:

The content of this repository is provided to you by Manifold Finance, Inc. for illustrative purposes only. 
It is provided "as" is without any express or implied guarantee or warranty of any kind, 
including without limitations any representations and warranties as to quality, absence of errors, 
timeliness or completeness. As the content is provided to you for free, Manifold Finance, Inc. 
SHALL NOT be liable for the content, except for its willful misconduct (“Vorsatz”) and gross negligence (“grobe Fahrlässigkeit”).

